readme.md, before:

# Victor's personal website
This is my personal website for very practical purposes not limited to demonstrating programming expertise.

## Sections of the website
### Home 
It's where there will be presentations on each section of the website, showing what can be found in "Food" and "Board games" section for example. It's supposed to be nothing more than a welcome mat.

### Food
Largely, I like to cook, and I happen to be a social creature. It is a way for me to give love, and also an index to how much I love someone based on the lengths I take to cook for someone. It's about pleasure, sport, challenging oneself and creativity. I welcome individuals from all ethniticies and preferences, and having a website one could simply enter and see what I can cook turns out to be not only an opportunity to program something, but also solve something rather practical which is showing people what can I cook.

### Board games
Given my need to entertain, one recurring question I face is prompting people to play board games. Immediately upon prompted, the next question is usually "okay, what board games do you have?" While food requires robust filtering apparatus, given the limited amount of board games I have, it's possible to have a much simpler system for storing board game information and displaying it without requirying filtering logic.

### Music
Again, back to the necessities of an entertainer, a person who receives people often. It's good to have a section that displays playlists I have for better at-the-moment communication purposes.

### Resume
This is fairly straight-forward. Having a personal website is also very good for personal branding, one could say it gives an edge and it's an amazing chance to show a bit of personality and work ethic.

### Software
A software person makes software. Having a section simply to showcase my software sounds like a reasonable idea.

## Major technologies used
Python, Flask, HTML, CSS

### Installation steps
Fuck, I forgot. BRB. 

### Notes
I always felt forced to using frameworks and libraries which most of the time were slowing me down rather than helping me. I would spend more time trying to figure out the framework shenanigans when I knew what I needed to do with raw CSS (I'm particularly referring to style-focused libraries). I always felt I needed to use cool technology to be part of the cool kids, I'm slowly realizing I need to make cool stuff to be between the cool kids.

Commit message:

Enhance README with new sections for website overview, technology stack, and constraints; improve food filtering details.

readme.md, after:

# Victor's personal website
This is my personal website for very practical purposes not limited to demonstrating programming expertise.

## 🌐 Sections of the website
### Home 
It's where there will be presentations on each section of the website, showing what can be found in "Food" and "Board games" section for example. It's supposed to be nothing more than a welcome mat.

### Food
Largely, I like to cook, and I happen to be a social creature. It is a way for me to give love, and also an index to how much I love someone based on the lengths I take to cook for someone. It's about pleasure, sport, challenging oneself and creativity. I welcome individuals from all ethniticies and preferences, and having a website one could simply enter and see what I can cook turns out to be not only an opportunity to program something, but also solve something rather practical which is showing people what can I cook.

Ways of filtering out food include:
#### Chef's (me) expertise or familiarity
#### Nationality (Chinese, Brazilian, Russian, Japanese, Italian) if applicable
#### Equipment necessary
#### Time constraints

### Board games
Given my need to entertain, one recurring question I face is prompting people to play board games. Immediately upon prompted, the next question is usually "okay, what board games do you have?" While food requires robust filtering apparatus, given the limited amount of board games I have, it's possible to have a much simpler system for storing board game information and displaying it without requirying filtering logic.

### Music
Again, back to the necessities of an entertainer, a person who receives people often. It's good to have a section that displays playlists I have for better at-the-moment communication purposes.

### Resume
This is fairly straight-forward. Having a personal website is also very good for personal branding, one could say it gives an edge and it's an amazing chance to show a bit of personality and work ethic.

### Software
A software person makes software. Having a section simply to showcase my software sounds like a reasonable idea.

## About the website
### Technology stack
Python, Flask, HTML, CSS. DB yet to be implemented. 

### Constraints
Currently, I'm using stock images, but futurely I'll use real pictures. No videos will be hosted, only links and descriptions.

### Installation steps
WIP. 

### Notes
I always felt forced to using frameworks and libraries which most of the time were slowing me down rather than helping me. I would spend more time trying to figure out the framework shenanigans when I knew what I needed to do with raw CSS (I'm particularly referring to style-focused libraries). I always felt I needed to use cool technology to be part of the cool kids, I'm slowly realizing I need to make cool stuff to be between the cool kids.
